feat: Add `Base` component that handles `cs` prop. (#3280)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/react/common/stories/Common.mdx

import {ExampleCodeBlock} from '@workday/canvas-kit-docs';

import {BaseExample} from './mdx/examples/BaseExample';

<Meta title="Hooks and Utilities/Common" />

# Common
The Common package contains a collection of components and utilities that serve as the foundation for building robust features across other packages.

## Installation

```sh
yarn add @workday/canvas-kit-react
```

## Base

> The `Base` component is a low level component that automatically handles the [`cs`](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/docs/styling-basics--docs#cs-prop) prop for you and style merging via [`handleCsProp`](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/docs/styling-merging-styles--docs#handlecsprop).

Reviewer: Wordsmithing (economy of words).

```suggestion
The `Base` component is a low level component that supports the [`cs`](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/docs/styling-basics--docs#cs-prop) prop and style merging via [`handleCsProp`](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/docs/styling-merging-styles--docs#handlecsprop).
```

> As we transition away from runtime styles, you should use `Base` when styling an element where you want more control over the styles and a Canvas Kit component doesn't quite fit your needs.

Reviewer: More economy.
```suggestion
As we transition away from runtime styles, you should use `Base` to style an element if a Canvas Kit component doesn't fit your needs.
```

### Usage

> Use `Base` when you need to statically style a container element or you're building a complex component that is **not reusable**.

Reviewer: Considering if there's a better way to craft this paragraph. I understand the use case of:

> I want to statically style this basic HTML element (`p`, `div`, etc).

The part about statically styling a container element gets at this.

Can you elaborate on why you would only use `Base` to build a complex component that is **not** reusable? I ask since I could imagine someone wanting to compose a complex reusable component out of `Base` components.

```tsx
import {Base} from '@workday/canvas-kit-react/common';
import {system} from '@workday/canvas-tokens-web';
import {createStyles} from '@workday/canvas-kit-styling';

const headerStyles = createStyles({
	fontSize: system.fontSizes.xl,
	fontWeight: system.fontWeights.bold,
	color: system.color.text.primary,
});

const containerStyles = createStyles({
	display: 'flex',
	flexDirection: 'column',
	gap: system.space.x2,
})

// Base+cs
const AppHeader = ({children, headerText, other, props}) => {

  return (
    <Base cs={containerStyles}>
      <Base as="h2" data-testid="my-header" cs={headerStyles}>{headerText}</Base>
      <Base as='p' cs={someOtherStyles}>
        // ...
      </Base>
    </Base>
  )
}

> ```

Reviewer: Do you think this code snippet adds anything beyond the Basic Example below? If not, we could delete it and just have the example.

### Basic Example

<ExampleCodeBlock code={BaseExample} />

### Transitioning from `Box` and `Flex` to `Base`

> > `Box` and `Flex` where great, why are you moving away from them?

Reviewer: As a `Box` lover, I'm resisting the temptation to add a 😢 here.

```suggestion
> `Box` and `Flex` are great. Why are you moving away from them?
```

To be more specific, _style props_ are going away. And because `Box`, `Flex`, and `Grid` primarily exist to expose style props, they will almost certainly be removed as well.

> The two main reasons for this change:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two main reasons for this change:
```

- Emotion’s runtime for dynamic styling is very expensive, and with the improvements to CSS, we can no longer justify that cost.
- Moving to static styling allows us to export our styles to Canvas Kit CSS so teams who do not use React can have 1:1 styling with what’s available in Canvas Kit React.

> **Before, using Flex**

Reviewer: Seems like this could be heading.

```suggestion
####  Before (with Flex)
```

```tsx
import {Flex} from '@workday/canvas-kit-react/layout';
import {system} from '@workday/canvas-tokens-web';

> import {PrimaryButton} from '@workday/canvas-kit-react/button';
> //...
> 
> <Flex flexDirection='row' gap={system.space.x2}>
>   <PrimaryButton>Button 1</PrimaryButton>
>   <PrimaryButton>Button 2</PrimaryButton>
> </Flex>

Reviewer: Nits: fixing punctuation, don't think we need the `//...`

```suggestion
import {PrimaryButton} from '@workday/canvas-kit-react/button';

<Flex flexDirection="row" gap={system.space.x2}>
  <PrimaryButton>Button 1</PrimaryButton>
  <PrimaryButton>Button 2</PrimaryButton>
</Flex>
```

```

> **After, using Base**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### After (with Base)
```

```tsx
import {Base} from '@workday/canvas-kit-react/common';
import {system} from '@workday/canvas-tokens-web';

> import {PrimaryButton} from '@workday/canvas-kit-react/button';
> const containerStyles = createStyles({
> 	display: 'inline-flex',
> 	gap: system.space.x2,
> });
> //...

Reviewer: Nits: formatting.

```suggestion
import {PrimaryButton} from '@workday/canvas-kit-react/button';

const containerStyles = createStyles({
  display: 'inline-flex',
  gap: system.space.x2,
});
```
